Salesforce Winter ’25 Release Notes
Winter '25
PDF
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Close
Close
Search
Search
Filter by (0)
Add
 Salesforce Winter ’25 Release Notes
 What’s New for the Salesforce Release Notes?
 How to Use the Release Notes
 Get Ready for the Release
 Monthly Release Notes
 Release Note Changes
 Supported Browsers
 How and When Do Features Become Available?
 Salesforce Overall
 Release Updates
 Analytics
 Commerce
 Customization
 Data Cloud
 Development
 Einstein
 Einstein Features
 Einstein Platform
 Agentforce
 Einstein Copilot for Salesforce is Now Agentforce
 Build, Test, and Troubleshoot Agents More Easily with Agent Versions
 Get More Accurate Agent Session Previews with Preview Conditions
 Streamline Business Operations with Agentforce Agents (Generally...
 Customize Your Agent’s Behavior with Standard Topic Editing
 Evaluate Agent Interaction with Utterance Analysis
 Check Performance with Agent Analytics Built on Data Cloud
 Find Agent Analytics In the Dashboards Tab
 Handle More Use Cases More Consistently with Agent Topics
 Introducing the Agentforce Platform
 Enhance AI Responses by Customizing the Data Used by the Answer...
 New and Changed Standard Agent Topics and Actions
 Configure Conversation Recommendations
 Einstein Bots
 Einstein Data Library
 Einstein Data Prism
 Einstein Trust Layer
 Prompt Builder
 Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) in Data Cloud
 Get the Information You Need with One Question to Generative Canvas...
 Other Changes
 Experience Cloud
 Field Service
 Hyperforce
 Industries
 Marketing
 MuleSoft
 Mobile
 Omnistudio
 Revenue Cloud
 Sales
 Salesforce CMS
 Salesforce Flow
 Salesforce for Slack Integrations
 Security, Identity, and Privacy
 Service
 Work.com
 Other Salesforce Products and Services
 Legal Documentation

You are here:

SALESFORCE HELP
DOCS
SALESFORCE RELEASE NOTES
Agentforce

Bring the power of assistive and autonomous AI to your business with Agentforce.

Agentforce features are released as often as monthly, and there’s much more to come in Winter ’25. In the meantime, we're continuing to add features to Summer ’24 through August 2024.

Einstein Copilot for Salesforce is Now Agentforce
As we grow our team of Agentforce agents, we've renamed the Einstein Copilot for Salesforce agent type to Agentforce with no changes in functionality. Permissions, UI elements, and Help documentation have been updated to reflect this change, with additional minor updates in progress. In Setup, you'll see Agentforce or Agentforce (Default) for the agent name and type. This change won’t impact your implementations. Your agent is still available to help your Salesforce users with everyday business interactions, embedded right in the flow of work.
Build, Test, and Troubleshoot Agents More Easily with Agent Versions
Now you can create multiple versions of an agent, so you can iterate on, test, and troubleshoot your agents while minimizing downtime and risk. Create a version of an active agent to make and test changes without taking the active version out of production. Or create a version to save as a backup, so you can quickly revert to a previous version if your business strategy changes or you need to debug an issue. You can create up to 20 versions of a single agent. The number of concurrently active agents supported varies by agent type. For example, you can only have one active version of type Agentforce (Default).
Get More Accurate Agent Session Previews with Preview Conditions
Now you can specify the context of an agent conversation to more precisely test Einstein Copilot for Salesforce or Agentforce Service Agent (ASA) behavior in the Agent Builder. Previously, all preview conversations assumed generic context, so you couldn’t easily test scenarios that required specific record or user data. Available preview conditions vary based on relevant context for your agent type. For example, for Einstein Copilot for Salesforce, you can simulate a conversation that’s specific to the user’s language, app, or current page type, including a specific object or record. For ASA, you can simulate a conversation that’s specific to the end user’s ID or language. If your ASA is connected to Messaging for In-App and Web channels and uses context variables, you can also simulate a conversation based on the session variables you’ve added to your agent.
Streamline Business Operations with Agentforce Agents (Generally Available)
Transform your service and sales operations and free up your teams to focus on high-value work with autonomous AI agents. Create agents quickly with pre-built agent types that excel at specific use cases. Service Agent connects with customers on messaging channels to intelligently resolve cases with on-demand personalized support. SDR agents accelerate lead qualification by autonomously sending personalized emails and scheduling customer meetings on behalf of your sales reps. And Sales Coach agent equips your sales reps with personalized, actionable, and stage-specific feedback on sales pitches and role-play sessions.
Customize Your Agent’s Behavior with Standard Topic Editing
Create a version of a standard topic to customize it for a specific agent. Previously, you couldn’t make changes to a standard topic. Now you can edit any topic field to make sure your agent launches the topic at the right time and respects the right guardrails. Or edit the actions assigned to the topic to give it the right functionality for your agent’s use cases.
Evaluate Agent Interaction with Utterance Analysis
Without knowing what users are saying to an agent or copilot, you only get half of the picture. And sifting through event log line after line is time consuming. Utterance Analysis gathers user inputs, requests, and queries. It then breaks that data down into reports so you can see how your agent or copilot is performing. The clusters and categories in the reports help you identify bigger patterns and trends. You can also see if the agent or copilot was able to respond with a topic, and if that topic was correct, and adjust to meet user needs.
Check Performance with Agent Analytics Built on Data Cloud
Agent Analytics is now using Data Cloud reports and dashboards. With this platform, you can quickly see not only how well your Copilot and agents are performing, but also customize the reports or create your own. In addition, we moved Agent Analytics out of Setup to make accessing it simpler. It’s now available in the Dashboard tab across CRM, in the Copilot for Salesforce Apps folder.
Find Agent Analytics In the Dashboards Tab
Finding the Agent Analytics dashboard and reports is about to get easier. No longer a page in Setup, the dashboard with the linked reports is moving to the Copilot for Salesforce Apps folder in the Dashboard tab.
Handle More Use Cases More Consistently with Agent Topics
Introducing topics, a new layer of organization and customization that helps your agents, including Einstein Copilot, make more accurate decisions and generate more relevant, predictable responses. Topics represent the jobs you want your agent to handle using a set of related instructions and actions. Now when a user enters a question or request, instead of searching through a flat list of all actions assigned to it, your agent selects a relevant topic and then launches one or more actions included within that topic. This keeps your agent focused on the actions and data that are most relevant to the current conversation. Plus, the instructions in a topic tell your agent how to use the actions within the topic, which gives you more granular control over how your agent makes decisions. Get started quickly with a library of out-of-the-box standard topics for common use cases, or create custom topics to meet your unique business needs.
Introducing the Agentforce Platform
Einstein Copilot Studio is now Agent Studio, as the platform grows to make way for AI agents. Like a copilot, an agent helps increase productivity and reduce your teams' workload by automating routine tasks and assisting with complex ones. But agents are more autonomous, so they can independently identify opportunities for action, anticipate next steps, and initiate tasks within the use cases and guardrails you specify. Plus, some agents can be deployed to channels outside of Salesforce, so agents can help your customers as well as your employees.
Enhance AI Responses by Customizing the Data Used by the Answer Questions with Knowledge Action
Customize AI responses from the Answer Questions with Knowledge action using your data by filtering knowledge records or by uploading files through the Einstein Data Library. Tailor answers to fit your business and brand by adding your own instructions to the Answer Questions with Knowledge template in Prompt Builder.
New and Changed Standard Agent Topics and Actions
Quickly add powerful functionality to an agent with new and changed agent standard topics and actions.
Configure Conversation Recommendations
Conversation Recommendations help your Copilot users find what they need by offering suggestions for what to ask next. In the past, these suggestions were predefined. Now you can create your own simply by adding them to a topic. You can even add them to a standard topic by creating a version of it. You don’t, though, have to go back and modify every topic you’ve got. If the section in a topic is empty, the reasoning engine comes up with suggestions based on the context and other data.
DID THIS ARTICLE SOLVE YOUR ISSUE?
Let us know so we can improve!
Yes
No
 
1-800-667-6389
SALESFORCE
Privacy Statement
Security Statement
Terms of Use
Participation Guidelines
Cookie Preference Center
Your Privacy Choices
COMMUNITY
AppExchange
Salesforce Admins
Salesforce Developers
Trailhead
Training
Trust

© Copyright 2026 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
Salesforce, Inc. Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States


English
Select Org
Salesforce Help | Article
We use cookies to make your interactions with our website more meaningful. They help us better understand how our websites are used, so we can tailor content for you. For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the Privacy Statement. To change your cookie settings and preferences, see the Cookie Consent Manager.
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES